docs: vue storefront and nextjs first guide (#7071)
vuestorefront/vue-storefront: docs/content/guides/2.alokai-essentials/1.alokai-next-js/6.product-page.md

::

## Installing Storefront UI 

First, in order to use Storefront UI we need to install and configure it. Luckily, it's very easy to do.

### Install Storefront UI

In the `storefront` directory, install Storefront UI by running the following command:

```bash
npm i @storefront-ui/react
npm i -D tailwindcss postcss autoprefixer
```

This will install Storefront UI package for React based applications and Tailwind CSS with PostCSS and Autoprefixer.

Next, initialize Tailwind CSS by running the following command:

```bash
npx tailwindcss init -p
```

All set! Now, let's configure Storefront UI.

### Configure Storefront UI

In the `storefront` directory, rename the `tailwind.config.js` file to `tailwind.config.ts` and update the file with the following content:

```typescript
const { tailwindConfig } = require('@storefront-ui/react/tailwind-config');

/** @type {import('tailwindcss').Config} */
module.exports = {
  presets: [tailwindConfig],
  content: [
    './app/**/*.{js,ts,jsx,tsx}',
    './components/**/*.{js,ts,jsx,tsx}',
    '../../node_modules/@storefront-ui/react/**/*.{js,mjs}',
  ],
  theme: {
    extend: {},
  },
  plugins: [],
};
```

> This will configure Tailwind CSS to work with Next.js App Router file structure and Storefront UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will configure Tailwind CSS to work with Next.js App Router file structure and Storefront UI. This also means that only the Tailwind classes from the Storefront UI components you use will end up in your final CSS.
```

First, let's visit Storefront UI documentation to see what components and blocks are available. You can find the [SFUI Documentation here](https://docs.storefrontui.io/v2/react/components.html).

Storefront UI provides two type of components: Base Components and Blocks. Base Components are the basic building blocks of the UI and Blocks are the pre-built components that can be used to build a page. Blocks are made up of Base Components. Blocks are very useful to build a page quickly and easily without writing a lot of code. This is exactly what we need to build a Product Details page.

### Product Details Page Blocks

To build the Product Details we will use the following Storefront UI Blocks:

- [Product Details](https://docs.storefrontui.io/v2/react/blocks/ProductCard.html#details)
- [Product Gallery with Vertical Thumbnails](https://docs.storefrontui.io/v2/react/blocks/Gallery.html#product-gallery-with-vertical-thumbnails)
- [Product Slider](https://docs.storefrontui.io/v2/react/blocks/ProductSlider.html)

Let's start building the page!

### Product Details Page

> Storefront UI is not like any other UI library. Blocks are too complex to be used directly imported from the library. It would be very difficult and time consuming to customise them. So, instead, Storefront UI team created Blocks to be copied and pasted into the project and then customised. This is a very good approach to build a page quickly and easily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Storefront UI is not like most traditional UI libraries. Blocks are too complex to be used directly imported from the library. It would be very difficult and time consuming to customise them. So, instead, Storefront UI team created Blocks to be copied and pasted into the project and then customised. Since all of the source code is available directly to you, including any styles - you have full control to change the styling.
```
